Once upon a time, there lived a little girl called Little Red Riding Hood. She wore a beautiful red cape
that her grandma had made for her.
One day, her mother said, “Come here Little Red Riding Hood. Your grandma is not very well. I would
like you to take this bread and cheese to her but remember to stay on the path.”
Little Red Riding Hood set off to her grandma’s house. She lived on the other side of a forest. As Little
Red Riding Hood was going through the wood, she met a wolf. He was waiting for her to get closer
and closer and closer and then…. he jumped out from behind a tree!
The wolf asked. “Where are you going to?” Little Red Riding Hood said, “I am going to see my
grandma because she is not very well.”
The wolf gazed at her and said, “See these pretty flowers? Why not pick some, I am sure your
grandma would love them.” “What a good idea,” said Little Red Riding Hood, and she skipped from
the path to look for flowers for her grandma.
Then the wolf ran to grandma’s house and knocked on the door. ‘Knock, knock, knock!’ “Who is
there?” asked grandma. “Little Red Riding Hood”, replied the wolf. Grandma whispered, “Come in, I
am too ill to come to the door.” The wolf let himself in.
Poor granny did not have time to say another word, before the greedy wolf gobbled her up! He put on
her nightgown and nightcap. He jumped into granny’s bed and pulled the covers over his nose.
Unaware of what happened, Little Red Riding Hood came joyfully to her granny’s house and knocked
on the door: ‘Knock! Knock!’ Behind the door, a hoarse voice answered: ‘Is it you, Little Red Riding
Hood? Come in! Come in! ‘.
Now Little Red Riding Hood realised that her granny may feel very ill and, feeling a little worried,
stepped in the house.
Little Red Riding Hood was very surprised when she saw her grandmother:
‘Granny, what happened to you? Why have you got those large ears? the girl asked amazed. ‘All the
better to hear you with’, the wolf answered.
‘And why have you got those big eyes? , continued Little Red Riding Hood. ‘’To see you better! said
the wolf. ‘And what about those big sharp teeth?’, carried on Little Red Riding Hood. ‘All the better to
eat you’, bellowed the wolf and with a jump and a gulp he gobbled Little Red Riding Hood up.
‘Yummy!’, he said, patting his large tummy.
But, the wolf didn’t know that a forest ranger was just passing by. He had listened to Little Red Riding
Hood talking to the wolf.
At first he himself thought that granny had quite a coarse voice but soon he realised that something
odd was happening and he rushed into the house exactly when the wolf was patting his tummy:
‘You greedy wolf! Spit out what you swallowed or you’ll never see another day!’, the ranger shouted.
Surprised and frightened, the wolf immediately spat Little Red Riding Hood and her grandma out of
his belly and ran out of the house.
Little Red Riding Hood and her granny thanked the brave forest ranger for rescuing them. Granny
even started feeling better after eating some of the lovely food Little Red Riding Hood brought. There
was no end to their joy. ( and they lived happily ever after)
https://www.babcockldp.co.uk/babcock_l_d_p/EMTAS/Downloads/Little-Red-Riding-Hood-ENGLISH.pdf 